all right
to
the girls as they are today I want
show them some tips a few
although they are great spectacular
fantastic to see us more skinny and
taller works a lot especially
because I'm in the kitchen I want
achieve something that I say I'm taller
I have to be carrying my love reach me
this
towards life remember that things
good come in tiny containers
so I hope you love those
tricks do not miss them and you want
at the end for
garments with high waists are
excellent when it comes to lengthening the
Bone figure of the body longer because
They give you the illusion of the legs
very rich and much thinner everything
that are pants shorts and skirts
high waist are great a
excellent option are the outfits
monochromatic using many colors is
how the figure falls short and shortens the
body use only two colors as
maximum but at the most it helps you
keep everything in harmony a good idea
to create vertical and elongated lines
in your body is to keep the blazer on
bag or unbuttoned shirt
the necks lengthen the neck and by
ende give the illusion of more height
use them in sacks dressed under better
said in whatever you want you are going to see
Excellent
always wear tight clothes that are
of your size because they create the
illusion of much more height the clothes very
release only to see how more
short of what you really are
we add the skinny jeans are not for
all tastes because they are not always
the option that most suits us but if
find the one that is perfect for you
will really make a difference
making you see much more
These pants lengthen the legs and
therefore the figure looks for I have a pair
that they reach the floor or exam a little
shoes these pants with heels are
they see incredible attracts attention to your
better quality to highlight whether they are
a nice and thin legs or the
flat tummy
rather, it highlights those areas with color
and if you're wearing the loose scarf
create long lines in your body
anything to every one very close to
neck can cut you making you more
short and this does not only apply the
scarves on the necklaces also
and
if you are particularly short like me
that to wear small prints is a
custom to use large prints be
cut mercilessly
the easiest way to find
centimeters are the heels can you
choose between towering stilettos or
platforms of different sizes choose
those that make you feel better and more
comfortable because it's not about killing us
by the good voice girls this would be
then all for now I hope that you
have loved the video you know the
tips and tricks to dress
taller dividers more plates I hope
Try to tell me what your
trick to look taller and skinnier
mayimbe its huge enter by seeing me or
continue with many lights in the
videos to subscribe I have left so that
can continue to take videos weekly
before another like on facebook so that
we can be talking things when
want what they want and we see it in
a next video